# **Contributing to the Wine Quality Analysis Project**

This document outlines how to propose changes and contribute to DS Salaries

### Fixing typos

If you are a project contributor, changes like fixing typos or grammatical errors in the
documentation can be made directly using the GitHub web interface.
Ensure you make changes to the appropriate source file.

-   **YES**: Edit a `.md` or `.ipynb` file directly.

-   **NO**: Modify autogenerated files (e.g., HTML files generated from
    `.ipynb` or `.qmd` files).

### Prerequisites

Before making a substantial contribution, always file an issue first to
describe the problem or feature you'd like to address. This helps ensure
the team agrees on its importance.

-   If you've found a bug, provide a minimal reproducible example
    (reprex) or describe it clearly in your issue.

### Pull request process

-   To contribute code or documentation changes:
    1.  **Branching**: Create a separate Git branch for each pull
        request (PR).

    2.  **Style Guide**:

        -   **Python**: Follow the [PEP8 style
            guide](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/).

        -   **R**: Follow the tidyverse style guide.

    3.  **Testing**: Ensure any new code is thoroughly tested and
        doesn’t break existing functionality. Include test cases where
        applicable.

    4.  **Submitting a PR**:

        -   Clearly describe the purpose of the pull request.

        -   Reference any related issues (e.g., `Closes #issue_number`).

        -   Submit your PR and wait for feedback from maintainers.
      
### Information for third parties looking to contribute
If you are not a contributor to the project, please use GitHub issues for this repository to make any contributions, and give an explanation as to what changes you think would benefit the project and why, and try to follow the general guidelines listed above. Please use GitHub issues for reporting issues as well and for any support needed to run the analysis. 

### Code of Conduct

This project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](http://github.com/UBC-MDS/DSCI-532_2025_21_DS_Salaries/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By contributing, you agree to abide by its terms.

### Attribution

These contributing guidelines are adapted from the dplyr contributing
guidelines and other open-source projects.
